ENH add parameter as_frame in fetch_kddcup99 (#17508)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: sklearn/datasets/descr/kddcup99.rst

:func:`sklearn.datasets.fetch_kddcup99` will load the kddcup99 dataset; it
returns a dictionary-like object with the feature matrix in the ``data`` member
and the target values in ``target``. The "as_frame" optional argument converts

> ``data`` and ``target`` members as pandas DataFrame. The dataset will be

Reviewer: May need to rewrap to be <80.

```suggestion
``data`` into a pandas DataFrame and ``target`` into a pandas Series. The dataset will be
```
